Replace Microsoft Visual C# 2005 tokens (#12958)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/compiler-messages/cs1699.md

# Compiler Warning (level 1) CS1699
Use command line option "compiler_option" or appropriate project settings instead of "attribute_name"  
  

>  In order to sign an assembly, it is necessary to specify a key file. Prior to Microsoft Visual C# 2005, you specified the key file using CLR attributes in source code. These attributes are now deprecated.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In order to sign an assembly, it is necessary to specify a key file. Prior to C# 2.0, you specified the key file using CLR attributes in source code. These attributes are now deprecated.  
```

>  Beginning in Microsoft Visual C# 2005, you should use the **Signing Page** of the **Project Designer** or the Assembly Linker to specify the key file.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Beginning with C# 2.0, you should use the **Signing Page** of the **Project Designer** or the Assembly Linker to specify the key file.  
```
